everybody's Joshua and it is a beautiful
glorious fall day I'm here on a trail
I'm here to find a cache and this cache
has 36 percent favorite points and
that's pretty good must be pretty good
cache I have no idea what's gonna be
let's godiscover together let's go
alright so we are at ground zero it
tells me to go off trail just a little
bit I have no idea what we're gonna run
into here we got a tree which is a nice
beacon here's a tree and looking around
for something interesting okay it's said
that piece of wood there looks a little
out of place see here hmm
this end up and look at that
what in the heck okay so it looks like I
have to figure something out here I'm
not sure what it is but we got this
little crank right here Oh
pull okay so here we have it we're at
the cache and we've got this little
orange thing here it looks like if I
look inside there you can look inside
tooth looks like the cache is inside
there but the key is how do we get it
out well this cache is a little spring
loaded and let's see if it shoots out
okay so I'm gonna pull this that's cool
just blew the cache just flew right out
of there
let's see that again alright here we go
and you'll sign the logbook and and move
on cool cache very unique let's do it
again one more time
maybe let's do it in slow motion this
time shot from here ready one two three
baby thanks for watching